++ Add another Domain for HKP server (#855)
openpgpjs/openpgpjs: README.md

#### Lookup public key on HKP server

```js

> var hkp = new openpgp.HKP('https://keyserver.ubuntu.com');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var hkp = new openpgp.HKP(); // Defaults to https://keyserver.ubuntu.com, or pass another keyserver URL as a string
```
